updating glossary items for RHV VM Portal "header bar" (#397)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/h.adoc

// RHV: Added "In Red Hat Virtualization," and added blank line so that first bullet rendered
[[header-bar]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] header bar (noun)

> *Description*: In the Red Hat Virtualization VM Portal, the _header bar_ contains the following buttons:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: In the Red Hat Virtualization VM Portal, the _header bar_ contains buttons to help you to manage your display, including notifications and account settings.
```

Suggesting a generic sentence, you might want to reword the actual text of my suggested sentence.

> * *Notifications*
> * *Refresh*
> * *Account Settings*
> * *Logged in user*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Delete all bullet points and use a generic sentence instead.
